Ladies and gentlemen, Harmontown is once again in session.
We got a good evening tonight everybody.
Won't you please welcome the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, grandmaster, grandmaster, master of rap, grandmaster,
not gonna rap about dicks or aster, gonna rap about real things, sophisticated rap, real
things, nothing elings, rap, rap, rap, rap, not gonna rap about dicks or balls, not gonna
rhyme it with Niagara Falls, not gonna rap about bucks and nuts, not gonna do it, but
it's hard.
Just give me a second.
Alright, Dan, Dan, that really wasn't fair to you.
Give me a second.
First of all, welcome everybody to NerdMilks.
Welcome one and all.
Thank you for coming, thank you for listening.
Again, that wasn't really fair because that was, I was just trying out our new theme song
for the tour.
Alright.
That's our new, we're doing all unlicensed music, it's all our own music.
Yeah.
Yeah, so do you want to start off with a proper rap beat?
Because I have a selection of three unlicensed, totally our own rap beats, and I feel that
it's only fair for the audience to know that this is the first Harmontown where you are
not drinking.
That's true too.
You can probably already tell.
Yeah.
Listen, if it goes poorly, I will clear this theater.
If it goes poorly, I'll bail, but I'm this cleansed with Erin.
She's my girlfriend, I love her, I do things out of support for her, and also if she's
not eating, I won't be fed anyway, so she's doing this four-day cleanse where we drink
these green, gooey things and you don't drink liquor on them.
If the show starts going poorly, I promise I'll just collapse into the bottle, but I
wanted to see for the sake of science.
More importantly, speaking of science, I just want to, let's give me one of these beats.
I want to be a good rapper, a sophisticated rapper.
Dan, you've probably not heard these.
I have three selections from our new musical director, Ryan Elder, who I believe is in
the house tonight.
We're making a documentary here, and we can't use Xanadu in some of our favorites because
we can't afford it, right?
Yeah.
You people are easy to disappoint tonight.
My physical health and our lack of copyright infringement really has you on a tear.
You poor fucking babies.
Dan, Dan, have a drink.
Sorry.
You have three choices, Dan.
All right, two more outbursts like that and I'll have a drink.
Dan, these are your three rap beat choices.
You have sexy, slow.
You have freestyle and you have aggressive.
Well, I'm ready.
Are you LL Cool J, I Need Love?
Are you freestyle?
Are you Emineminent right now or are you Beastie Poison?
Let's do aggressive.
You're gonna go for aggressive, all right?
The audience is spoken.
Let's see what we got.
All right, clear your head, clear your head.
No dicks.
No balls.
Yo.
I rock the microphone.
My name is Dan Harmon.
Some people might try to tell you others.
Roger PutzHarmon.
God damn it.
I fucking suck.
I want to get your mom to fuck me.
I want to suck her titties and fuck her pussy so hot.
I want to fuck your mama outside the front yard.
I want to put my dick inside her.
God damn it.
All right, now stop it.
We're not going to reward me for...
I can't take it anymore.
We're going on this tour, Jeff.
We're representing Los Angeles out there.
There's 20 cities waiting for us.
I'm not going to roll into Austin talking about dicks and balls and butts.
I want to write good music.
I want to be a good singer and songwriter.
I don't think people come to Harmontown because you're a craftsman.
When it comes to rapping, I think they like the free-for-all that it is.
It becomes very adolescent and purio.
Well, let's do it this way.
We got a big crowd tonight.
Are there any professional singer-songwriters?
Possibly Cambridge educated.
We'll take Oxford, but is there anyone...
Cambridge educated singer-songwriters?
Is there anybody that can teach a tutorial for Dan?
Oh, I was just kidding.
Oh.
Eric Eidl.
Thank you for coming.
Thank God.
I am so sorry for what I've done, but this is very fortuitous, Eric.
Thank you for showing up.
Eric Eidl, comedic and gay icon.
Eric Eidl is here.
Eric Eidl.
Is that Dave Davis?
Yes, it's Jeff Davis, our Comptroller.
Eric, I'm so glad you're here.
Obviously, your world renowned for your craftsmanship in comedy songwriting.
There's people in this audience that probably have every single one of your songs memorized.
I have a problem where I like to write songs, I like to improvise them,
but I lose control and I go to a shitty, non-sophisticated place.
You're a hero of mine, a mentor of mine.
Can you please help me?
Can you please tell me how to...
What would you do if you were going to write a perfect song?
Well, it's a very interesting question.
You want to write the perfect song?
Yeah.
Then ask yourself what's true.
Then open your heart and the truth will start to write the song for you.
Jesus, this is what I'm talking about.
When our first fuck dance mother...
What?
She asked me for another but he was too wide.
I fucked his father and nuzzled both his nuts.
I dug all his chins and took two chins and put it in their butts.
Harmony Town, Harmony Town, Harmony's mum is on the ground
taking bonus by the fountain, Harmony's on the ground, Harmony's on the ground, Harmony's on the ground,
Now Eric, I have a question. Yes, sir. What would you rather do?
Fuck dance mother in the butt or make her eat your poop? I've asked myself this many times.
And here is my reply. I feed her my poo and fuck her butt too and bitter a foam goodbye.
Humming town, humming town, Hummer Tommy's on the ground taking bonus by the pound.
Down it Hummer Town, Hummer Town, Hummer Town, Hummer Tommy's on the ground taking bonus by the pound.
Down it Hummer Town. You guys are only doing what I've been doing all along.
I fucked a million mamas already. I wanted a perfect song.
So open up your heart my friends and tell me what you see. Both your mothers sucking dicks and drinking all my pee.
Oh! Humming town, Hummer Town, Hummer's mum is on the ground taking bonus by the pound.
Down it Hummer Town, Hummer Town, Hummer's mum is on the ground taking bonus by the pound.
Down it Hummer Town.
Well, you see Dan, you just have to open your mind and let it all come out.
Alright, I think I understand.
Sometimes in all of our lives there comes a crisis when all you really need to set yourself right is for Eric Idle to come out.
And remind you that.
The thing about nuzzling your father's nuts.
Alright, alright, fine. Well, why don't we keep the, since I'm sober and I'm no entertainment myself and since we are going on the road,
why don't we keep the mentorship going, you know, see if we can keep getting advice and guidance from people.
Well, I want to ask you a question before you do that.
Just while we have the opportunity, we're going out, you just turned 40. Your 40th birthday was a few days ago.
And we're going out on this big tour, which is very ambitious. It was a very long, grueling schedule.
What do you hope to accomplish by this? Is there a goal for you in terms of what you want to come home with?
What do you want to return with? What's the golden fleece that you expect to get from this?
Well, I mean, I have a couple of different goals because I'm not a big planner.
And obviously the show is not, like, you know, written.
And that's controlling.
Striking the music stand.
Don't fight me.
Alright.
On the tour bus, I get real rapy.
I'll have to bring some of that cassette head cleaner that the people use.
Did you know that that's an underground amyl nitrate kind of stuff?
Well, no, it's like cassette head cleaner. The fluid, if you huff it, it dilates your anus.
Go on.
End of story.
Sorry, Tron. This copy is going to have to keep the...
Not being playable. Daddy's going out tonight.
I want to drink so bad.
This is what sobriety feels like. It feels like everyone else is drunk.
I think one thing that I would like to accomplish is I would like to learn how to love people
My girlfriend wrote this book. She didn't write it.
But this is a whole track of conversation that I wanted to talk to everybody about tonight.
But I don't want to delay our next guest. He's got it out.
I think we should bring him up and talk to him about touring.
Please welcome to the stage, Patton Oswald.
Oh, my goodness. Yeah, this is exactly the way that I did it on convenience of comedy.
Had a massive comedy legend walk out, do a song for free.
I think we had Steve Martin and Birmingham one night.
Nichols and May came out one evening.
Wow.
Yeah, I mean, I just Facebooked them and they were like, yeah, yeah, we'll come down. No problem.
I found Eric on Craigslist.
Oh, really? You can do it. Because when I do Python searches, I find way different stuff.
I'm the thing. It's like in Python.
Describe to me the tour. What are you doing?
Do new.
Help me help you.
We're leaving on the 10th at 10 a.m. as far as I know.
8 a.m.
Okay.
Okay, just let me start right there.
Try to coordinate the day and time. Have them be the same number.
Already? This is already working.
I'm already glad we got this guy down here.
Okay, good.
Heading from Los Angeles to Phoenix, where we're going to do a show for God knows how many people are actually going to show up.
You're going to, I'm sorry, you're starting the tour.
Your first show is going to be in Phoenix.
So you're, so basically you are, this is the, that's the equivalent of, alright, I know that there is, there's some chocolate mousse down the road,
but we're going to have cold green beans right now to really make that a treat when it shows up.
Pat, what do you know about Phoenix that we don't know?
Performing in Phoenix is basically, have you ever been to Phoenix?
Yeah, I was there when I was signing some comic books once.
Oh, okay. Yours?
No, I wrote some for, I didn't sign like just some Iron Man shit that I had.
The way you said it was like, I went to Phoenix and I signed some comic books.
Just like graffiti.
That's when you were really hammered.
Yeah, I was at a low point.
One night I started at Cat and Fiddle, and the next thing I knew I was in Phoenix signing comic books.
I was right up there, Sarah Silverman fired me out.
I was just like, I wrote this, I wrote that, I wrote this, I wrote that.
I was just signing everything.
I was signing, you don't care what the answer is.
I was signing Rob Schrab comic books that I wrote.
That's good, Rob Schrab's in the house tonight, everybody.
There he is.
He's got the disposable assassin.
Highly recommended.
I believe the hardback collection is here in the store if you want to...
Yes.
Phoenix is an abandoned moon colony if all of the astronauts were Mexican and on crank.
That is how to think of it.
That is basically the setting.
And if you see any white people, they are either cryptically racist or so gleefully openly racist that it's kind of charming.
We're kind of hoping because of our podcast that we're going to draw a similar essential crowd that we get here.
Is that possible?
But here's the thing you have to keep in mind.
Every city in America has this.
These kind of the smart people, the dreamers, the artists.
I'm just saying, and may I also point out the pasty and frightened.
Before you start going, hey, hey.
Don't run into the street and start fame dancing.
You'll throw something.
We can do it, punch.
But some cities are a much more soap sponge than others.
So Phoenix, you're really going to be ringing that sponge to get as much of this as you possibly can.
If you don't have any advice on how I can do that, do you?
Don't say Morning Zoo teams.
Well, Morning Zoo teams, unfortunately, they're A, you have to be funny on their terms.
And I've done those.
Satellite tours where you do three hour black and you just hold there and they go, okay, Dan, are you ready?
This is Harold and Kazoo in the mornings.
You ready?
Yeah, okay.
And then you just cut into the middle of this thing and they're like, oh, okay.
Up next is some asshole we've never heard of.
Dan Harmon, apparently doing something called Exarptable Tarver.
How did you pronounce those wrong?
I love the Morning Zoo's where the guy, the DJ himself is on the phone using his actual human voice before he brings her on the air going,
hey, Pat, thanks so much for calling in.
I'm going to do this stupid show.
It's the dumbest thing ever.
Look, I like what you do, man.
But this is the market I'm in.
So you're cool, right?
I'm like, yeah, I guess so.
Okay, so we're going to be on in like three, two.
Hey, it's Flappy and the Bee, we're going to have a little fantastic house.
And I won't even keep it clean.
Say Lea Remedy, boobs.
So hey, they're two simply, and just all these awful.
And they make you do, they make you, they go all their inside jokes.
You have to like join their Smurf patch.
Oh, exactly, yeah.
Hey, give us an AIDS bomb.
What do you want?
Why do you want an AIDS bomb?
I did one because I do improv.
I'm like, Jeff, yeah, you do improv, yeah, you're not chilly, you do the improv.
How about doing a little rap for us about the pinch of the pump?
The pinch of the pump.
And then yeah, it's all these weird in-jokes that they have not filled you in on the beginnings of.
So hey, it's 9.17 on Thursday morning.
You know what I mean?
That's bad.
Beef stew.
What?
All right.
And then, and then they, I also love the weird.
If you don't immediately pitch it to their kind of whack-a-noodle,
party at 6.18 a.m.
If you don't hit that level, they immediately get angry with you
and try to get rid of you like,
whoa, let's get this party pooper out of here and have some fun.
Well, it looks like we just wandered into the fossil yard with a fog horn.
Fossil yard with a fog horn.
Right.
Well, while Spence puts us all to sleep, we want to tell you about our Flapjack snack attack with Foghead down at the,
I hop on Route 29.
That's right, it's the Foghead Flapjack Snack Attack.
Come on down, bring a plate, stack them high.
Coming up next, I got the I Hate My Boss donut toss over here.
It's gonna be tossing donuts off the roof, bring them bucket if you catch one.
You get a pair of KTRT, the turtle panties that you can wear.
Turtle panties.
It's just...
There actually are now, there are things you're gonna have to avoid doing
or you'll bring the wrong people to your show.
So, that said, sometimes bringing the wrong people to your show can make the show kind of amazing.
They don't quite know what's going on.
But what I don't want to happen is I don't want the 11 people in Phoenix that actually, like, love me.
Yeah.
I don't want them subjected to the 20 people that wandered into chuckled, chuckled nuts.
Going like, let's just see comedy tonight.
And by that I assume someone as funny as Patton Oswalt will be coming out here and then I come out and go,
I have asthma and my girlfriend loves me too much.
Sometimes it makes me feel like a bad person.
What the fuck's going on here?
And then they're ticking my fans' chairs and I'm like, hey, leave them alone.
Well, one thing that I does kind of help if you're on Twitter is interact with people that have been at the show.
And if you keep that conversation going, other people from other cities will see that you're kind of...
They'll start tracking you as you move across.
And I only did that with a website in Myspace.
I didn't have Twitter when I was doing that.
Well, you know, we're going to podcast every single night.
Like, we're doing like a show a day.
No, sure.
And we're going to get on the bus and then podcast out of the performance.
Okay, but let me stop.
All right.
So that, I know that you're right now in your head.
You're like, yes, we're going to document everything and it's going to be fucking Hunter S. Thompson and the lawyer and the Cadillac.
And I'm going to have the typewriter on my lap and I'm going to chronicle every minute of it.
Yeah, yeah, that's all right.
Yeah, you will hit a wall way sooner than you think you're going to hit it where you are going to not want your life documented.
You're like, you will start, you will fall into this weird sullen.
I guarantee you one of your podcasts would just be a, hey, Stan, and we're in Vegas.
And I don't know.
We drove all day and now we're here.
I don't know.
I don't fucking know.
So, I don't know.
Fuck.
I mean, I don't know.
I don't know.
What do you want?
What do you want me to stay?
Like, and, but it'll be a really, there'll be a weird insightful moment where you will start to realize, oh, people that are on reality shows that want to be filmed all the time.
Those, they are sociopaths because they don't hit the wall that I've just hit where they are never tired of a camera and microphone show.
Yeah, they're just constantly, they're like solar calculators.
The, the, but, but there's a, there's a, there's a little misunderstanding here.
We're not, the show is going to be the podcast.
Like, like, right, because I don't, unlike you, like you, you, you, you have like probably by now you have a solid three hours of, of really refined material.
Yeah, you're right.
But, right.
Yeah, go ahead.
I'm not going to, but, but, but, but I can't, when I go out in front of people, I don't.
So I'm kind of forcing myself because what's for sale is not what's for sale with you.
So I'm going the other direction and refusing to allow myself to have any, I'm not going to, they're going to be able to hear the show in Phoenix in Austin.
And then I'm going to show up in Austin and go, how about that show in Phoenix?
Remember when I got my ass kicked?
Wasn't that crazy?
But we're going to be doing shows in various venues where a lot of their audience will be local, like they promote their own audience.
These comedy clubs promote their own, like kind of loyal fan base, right, Patton?
Yeah, we ran into some trouble on one of these because they have some clubs kind of have their own corporate culture where their fans have a certain behavior that they try to encourage because they speak more.
Oh no.
Sales of them.
Here's your pickle flappers.
Yeah, there was a, Portland.
There was a club in Champaign, Champaign, Illinois that told, that set out a thing to its, and they had on the website.
These comedians love loud hecklers.
What?
So come out and, and we, I swear to God, we, and we didn't realize what had happened until after the show, we went to their website.
No, after the show, people were coming up.
I've never been in front of a drunker crowd.
And they were like heckling as you would walk.
Like the minute they would go, I'm going to show them a Maria Bamford.
God damn it!
What the fuck?
Like as you were walking up there yelling at you, like you're mounting the guillotine and they're just screaming, you, I'm looking at you.
No.
I haven't said anything yet.
You ever watched up with their own folded clothes in their hands?
There's toilet paper flaming coming out of them.
Pat, I don't know if you know this, but we're traveling with our Dungeon Master because we played D&D in our shows.
So Spencer.
We definitely go to Phoenix then.
Yeah, that's your, you guys are like, that's your like freedom riders in the south in the sixties.
That's going to bull, bulldozers are going to be exhuming your torpses.
Spencer, you're in deep shit, man.
Yeah, yeah.
We did, okay, we did the club.
Are you doing anything in Washington, D.C.?
Uh, no.
Are we in Maryland or somewhere?
We're in Maryland.
We're in Arlington, Virginia.
At the Cinema Draft House?
Yes.
No, uh, Birchmere.
No, we're at the Taj Mahaa.
In Virginia.
The Taj Mahaa.
Again, I did a club called Sir Lafsalat.
No.
I'm not kidding.
In Milwaukee.
Yeah, that's Milwaukee.
That's my hometown.
Sir Lafsalat, the funny business in the Comedy Cafe.
Sir Lafsalat is, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
It's men only.
All I'm saying is we did, we did the Black Cat in D.C. and it was, the show was so packed.
It was, I felt very gratified.
We have sold out the Black Cat.
It was a club I would go to when I was young.
But, well, hang on.
So, I was, so afterwards I'm talking to the club owner and he's really nice.
And I said, hey, so, um, really sold the place out, huh?
He goes, uh, yeah, I mean, you know, we, uh, yeah, you had about 730 tickets sold.
I'm like, well, I mean, it was like literally wall to wall.
Yeah, I mean, we do a lot of, uh, uh, place holds about 900.
Uh, we normally do like thrash shows here and punk shows.
Um, your fans tend to be little, like, like, literally our fans are all these chubby nerds
and they can only put, like, a bunch of little messed out thrash fans.
Yeah, they can easily get 900 of them there.
But our fans are, I'm very excited to come see Zach Galifianakis and Brian Posade.
And so I got the DVRs, catch it all, Dr. Who tonight, so I can watch that at the morning.
But, uh, for the night.
Well, that's outlifting.
There's, there's sections of the country where, where, where this can work in our favor.
Oh, exactly.
You have way more mad.
It's a full house.
Uh, there's seven people.
Well, Norm, your audience is so fat when they have a full house.
They really, yeah.
This place holds, they're not even full.
Yeah, this place holds 900 punk fans or 11 rascal scooters.
So you guys did really well tonight.
We had, well, uh, well, this has been edifying.
Yeah.
So then Patton real quick, I mean, well, I'll just list off from memory where we're going.
Right.
If, if, if one of these cities, uh, uh, brings back horror stories or fun.
I'm, I cannot, I'll just tell you right now, I can't wait to hear the Phoenix podcast.
That's all I'm saying.
All right.
That's going to be interesting.
We go, after that we go to Austin Tech, which is good.
Yeah, that's, that's a, that's a gimme.
That's great.
Then we're going to Atlanta.
Woo!
Atlanta, Atlanta is, is weirdly either fun or awful.
Um, the one thing I love about Atlanta is the freak scene there.
Uh, that's the one place because the, the, it's so hot and so humid.
There's this, we drove by this golf club called the vault and it was like early even like
five o'clock.
I had to be 111 degrees out.
So watching all the guys with just their makeup, like they're all in black and they're
trying to get into the vault and they're so committed, but it's all like a, a goth, a
goth in Atlanta is a fucking hero.
Like that is a super hero when it's like, man, that black lipstick is just running out and
look like I was, I was eating dead syrup.
I thought it looked black.
We're sold out in Atlanta.
Of course you are.
Yeah.
And then it's a Nashville and Charlotte and then some, for some reason also, I don't know
how many gigs you guys did on your tour and, and what the pace was, but it's almost every
night we're doing a show.
And so that's how it was for us.
We're in Brooklyn the next night from Charlotte.
Holy shit.
And it's going to be January.
It's going to be.
Yeah.
And then we go up into the North, Northeast and then across the top of the country during
late January.
What the really?
Yeah.
It's, it's, it's, it's my first tour.
It's going to be your last tour.
I didn't want, again, that was sitting right there, but, um, well, you know, you, there's
a good chance that you're going to get to be one of those, um, oh, what, what, what else
would he have done?
Yeah.
What an amazing legend he was.
That's, that's semi hadn't jackknifed on, uh, who knows who would have fired him.
Yeah.
Maybe.
Wow.
Dan.
Uh, I don't.
Wow.
The Northeast in January.
Then there's one night we go from Kansas City, Kansas to Denver, Colorado.
That, that's a long, that's a long pull.
Right.
That's same.
And also Denver at this time of year is really dicey to get to with the ice in the, in the
Rocky Mountains.
Yeah.
You're getting into like, you know, Scatman Crothers in the shining, like get a, go get
a fucking hobie cat or something to get through that snow.
It's going to be bad.
I would, I, I would take a, you know, take some, take some sturdy pioneer women to eat
in case you get stuck in a snowstorm or something.
What's your, what's your Pemekin budget on this, uh, tour?
Holy shit, Dan.
Um, everyone get a clipping of his clothes as a relic cause this could be it.
I mean, this is like Jamesy, like fuck off, I'm getting in my convertible.
See you later.
It's almost certain that we're going to miss a gig or two on this thing cause it's so
breakneck and it's going to be bad weather.
Yeah.
And, uh, you know, it's also, you know, the weather's getting worse and worse, you know,
like that's more storms, more traffic.
We're fucked.
What the?
All right.
Fine.
We're fucked.
Goodbye, dude.
Um, I mean, if you say you're fucked enough, you, you, you garner the favor of a very gullible
God, right?
Yeah.
No, that's true.
If you say it won't happen, uh, that, that, uh, that antler, uh, the moose thing on the
wall, that looks kind of rickety.
Oh, you said it, it's not going to fall.
That's not going to fall.
Just as many weird rituals as you can think of do them every morning.
Spinning witter shins, rabbit feet.
I don't know what.
Pat, were you guys on the bus the whole time?
Were you always in the bus?
How many breaks were there?
Hotels?
I know we were always in the bus.
Uh, sometimes we would just get a day room or you could use the day room and shower and
change because we couldn't afford four hotel rooms.
Um, so we've stayed, we stayed in some hotels that were so super, like the, the, the, the
ghost of so many ex suicidal truckers.
We're just crying out for the mattresses.
I don't know what kind of hotel accommodations you've, uh, where do you think you're staying?
Are you sleeping on the bus or?
There's, there's some things where like we have to get in the bus right after the show
and there's a giant like long, long hall to somewhere else.
There, there will be gigs where we land.
We have like a couple hotel rooms to, you know, shower and shave and that kind of stuff.
Right now Bob Seeger is feeling a huge disturbance in the forest where he, wherever he's sitting,
it's like, Jesus, someone, oh, someone's going to die.
I feel it.
I got to do something.
But I'll warm up my Grammy fingers.
Yeah, exactly.
At least the bus will be relaxing because there's going to be cameras everywhere and
we're making a movie the whole time.
Oh yeah, that's good.
We're like casting our thing from the bus every day.
It's going to be awesome.
I don't know.
Wow.
All we had were cameras.
Like if, again, this is, and again, in 10 years, what you're doing is going to seem quaint.
Like, yeah, they didn't, they didn't have, they didn't have any of the anal mics.
It was weird.
It was, it was only 2013.
It was a simple time.
It's going on.
This guy's butt.
Yeah.
Well, is there anything before I know your time is precious?
Very precious.
Yes.
And is there anything uplifting you'd like to say?
Before you go?
The one, here's the one, and this is a truly uplifting thing I will try to leave you with.
If you do a successful tour as much of a, as soul grinding as it is, and as physically
exhausting as it is, when you do a long tour and you come back to whatever your home city,
especially LA, your home city seems so manageable and tamable after being out there in this
gigantic, crazy country.
You come back to LA and you're like, I can get anything done here.
And successful is just defined by finishing it, right?
Not by, not everything being, you know, successful.
Oh, no, no.
I mean, the, the, I, I almost wish is like when I was a wedding DJ, we had this thing
where, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
All right.
You're a wedding DJ?
I spoke, no, I, when I was.
Oh yeah.
You were.
Not now.
Although there's some cards on me feeling the crap.
But we had a thing where at a wedding, a successful, it was a sign of a successful marriage if
one thing went wrong at the wedding.
So a successful tour has got to have one night.
It's like a, like a, you know, like the Judas basically one night where everything fucking
goes wrong and you can then set everything else against.
Yeah.
That's what I figure.
But it could also be eight nights.
There's no reason for that.
If our bad night happens two nights in, that's, that's bad.
Yeah, exactly.
But you look if you're, you're guaranteed one good night with Austin.
I'm telling you that right now.
Yeah, I've been to Austin, yeah, they seem like their hipsters are good kids because
they're, they're hipsters in a state that, that, that doesn't even respect America.
No, they're, I know they're, they're hipsters.
The hipsters in Austin are like that compound in the road warrior of the hippies.
You're like Mad Max pulling in with the gasoline.
Yeah.
You know, you want, you want letter Kona references?
You talk to me.
Like it's that kind of.
All right, well, let's thank Pat and Oswald for coming by.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh, I want a drink so bad.
Is it, is the booze calling in?
Well, yeah.
Bally high.
That was what I wanted, I guess. He gave us real information. He didn't just say,
don't take a shit in the bus. I can't remind you that enough by now.
That's good advice. I'm just saying, I expected more of that. Whenever you see a gas station,
make sure you buy some pants. Why? Because this is something you can't know until you're
on the road. You always need pants to make your antenna worker. It's just some weird
shit. But he really put the scare on me. Are you nervous now? Yeah. But you know who
else was nervous? Jesus Christ. That sounds like a rap. This is rap number two called
freestyle. Freestyle? Yeah, we got to work out these rap. Yo, freestyle. Yo, rapping for
a while. Got a sober rap coming at your ass. I got Howard Hessmann at the head of the class.
Stock rhymes coming out all the time. Freestyle. Got a sober style. Got a freestyle. Got a sober
rap. It's going badly. Your mom's named Hadley. It's a name. You can look it up. I saw your
mama, I got a drink. I got to have a drink. I never told you not to drink. I never told
you not to drink. Are you going to do it? Be strong, dad. Be strong. It's like the price
is right. And it's not fair if the people saying drink are louder because you're drunk.
How many, by cheering, how many of you out there wish you wouldn't drink to continue
the experiment? Okay, now how many people want to see Dan drink? That's a minority. Less
people but drunker and louder. You know what else is a minority? Black people. Rap about
race. Slow rap. Sexy slow. It's the first time you're hearing this. I feel the groove
of her, man. Rap about race. Rap about race. Rap about the complications with the color
of your face. Some people got dark skin. Some people got light. Some people purple. Some
people white. But we got to come together in a big spaceship. We got to come together
in a big spaceship. Rap about race. I met an Indian man in China. He said my race couldn't
look finer. He took my hand and accepted me. We went up to the top of a coconut tree. He
said, why don't you hold my body? I said, I'll hold your body. He said, I want you to
hold me. I said, hold me. Rap about race. Rap about race. It's a rap about race. It's
a rap about race. I got a black friend. He's my shield. Got a black friend. I can feel
however I want when I'm standing next to my black friend. I'm not racist, but blah, blah,
blah. I can say that shit because I got my black friend chilling it on the sideline.
We go to get food. My black friend says, I think I'm in the mood for fried chicken and
it's not racist because he's black. What? Sorry. There's a downside. I'm always terrified
when he speaks up. The chicken's always right. Thank you, Enchi. That was a nice slow rap
about race. Also, if by rap you mean you sang the entire thing. That was nice. I think
Eric Idle's advice, now you're singing. That was like a cool Keith Sweat R&B kind of thing
going on. Let's keep the fever pitch rolling. There's only one thing I knew I wanted to
talk about. It starts with the fact that my beautiful, perfect girlfriend, Erin McGathy,
for those of you who don't know, we always hate surprise parties. We've done them in
the past. Surprise parties seem like a very strange thing to have to do to people because
the fact that the party exists is the surprise. Then you spend the entire day tricking people
into thinking that no one's doing anything for them. Then their surprise is, oh, you
did. It just seems like it causes a lot of misery. We both agree. She's like, I'll never
throw you a surprise party, but could I do this thing for you that would be a surprise
at your party? Can the nature of your party be a surprise for you? Yes, of course, darling.
She published a fucking book of all of my bullshit from the Internet, most of which
is filled with me either talking about jerking off to other women or dating them and breaking
up with them and having my heart broken. She's scouring all that stuff and picking the good
stuff from the bad stuff. All of it is just me, a big narcissistic rant. There are girlfriends
that would justifiably go, I don't want to reward this. He needs to come down a couple
of little notches. It's like that arm wrestling thing. You just go with the force. She's celebrating
my ego. For my birthday, I walked into my living room and she had gathered 60 of my
finest friends and they all did selected readings of this book that I didn't know I had written
until that moment. Then they all had me sign it. It was like this narcissist's dream. It
was a perfect birthday party.
I read through it and it's like when I saw it, I've read most of it because I've known
you a long time and I've read emails or blog entries or things like that. It's really
cool to go back and there's a chronology of your mania and your life.
Right. Here's the weird side effect of it. People are excited about it. There's Dan
Harmon fans online. There's 900 copies of this thing. She's going to sell them during
a limited time. I have to try to find this. Can someone in the audience that has a phone
that I'll be able to read so that I'm not trying to multitask, bring up the, if you
can find it, the Onion AV Club article that is about the book. Is that enough information
to find it? Whoever's got it first that can hand me their phone, bring it up and look
at it. So Aaron texted me, the Onion AV Club, they posted an article about the book. It's
like getting, oh, wow, that's great. That's really great news. I went to look at it just
to verify that that's the case. And then why do I always do this? Scroll down to the comment
section. No. No. I thought that I was impervious, but this is, it is brutal for me. But I also
think like my definition of stuff that hurts is so different from other people. What ratio
of like 100, I felt like it was like to being praised. That was the other thing. It felt
like it was just like this unilateral fucking like who'd fuck this guy? What is he? Why does
he want me to buy his book and Sean, Sean has a phone for you, Dan. Oh, all right. I mean,
you could give yours to Jeff and he could maybe pick a couple tasty ones here. So, so they
do, I just want to like, all right, so I'm just going down to the comment section. Yeah,
I just want to stop at the ones that really, really hurt me. Can I start with one? Okay,
go ahead. All proceeds will go toward getting Mr. Harmon a shower and a clean shirt. That's
not, that's, that's a fan. That's, that's, that's, yeah, no, the one underneath it and
an autographed self taken photo of Dan Harmon crying lamenting why you couldn't just let
him be great. That hurts. Okay, I've gone through seven ones that were not so bad. Let's
see. Well, you know, then there's ones that are just like, I don't give a shit about the
collected online writing to Dan Harmon. That's fine. But why type that? What do you do? Do
you understand how the internet works? Like, what do you, why are you on this page? But
that, so that person says that and then that serves as a route for a bunch of people to
chime in replying to that person, this person who doesn't give a shit about my collected
online writings. This person says, don't worry, Dan Harmon cares enough about the collective
works of Dan Harmon enough for all of us. By all of us, I mean, everyone who existed
in the past, everyone currently alive and everyone who will ever enter this mortal coil.
Oh, by the way, that, that one hurts less after he says mortal coil. It's a nice try
self styled Dan Harmon. Gee, I wonder where this is coming from.
Well, here's one that's all caps and it just, this one is pretty succinct. The collective
online writings of Dan Harmon sucks. Yeah, that doesn't. So Dan Harmon's next project
will be a delightfully quirky sitcom about a delightfully quirky group of six to eight
delightfully quirky friends who hang out in acting delightfully quirky send ups of various
movies and TV shows while yelling at everyone with an earshot that their vision is too beautiful
and unique for this dark and savage world. So, so now our crime is wanting people to
be happy. And by ours, I mean mine, but it's like, I just, let's see.
While you look, Dan, I got this note. This is good stuff. There is an orange scion blocking
someone that needs to move right now behind the store. The end. An orange scion. This
is a cry that looks like a roller skate. I'll probably stop with this one because this one
is Dan, may I share one? Jesus Christ. The ghost of Christmas presents.
Adam Goldberg. I'm Jewish. I don't get Christmas presents.
Did you just like materialize there? I was here for at least 50, 53 seconds.
My angst floated off of me and the cloud formed into, all right, what were you going to?
This is a bunch of stuff. Sue's chef shares that maybe he's morphing into Skud and Jim
Traficant responds seriously. Dot, dot, dot. Those Orson Wells level bags in that drawing.
Maybe he had Harmon sit for the drawing after a week long bender of shame as comedy writers
are prone to. Well, it doesn't mean that they know their stuff.
That's just calling me a comedy writer and saying that I'm dedicated to my work.
But then someone says, that's why my best friend drew, drew baggy eyes on me. He knew
that I'd be flattered by it. I like, I like, I like being a fucking slob and a maniac.
What I don't like is people implying that I think that they should like me. That that's
what gets me. That's the weird thing I wanted to talk about that I discovered rereading
through this is like, my soft spot is, is pretense. Like, like, if you want to know
how to really hurt me, it's like the idea that I think that I'm special because I don't,
and I think it's because of my brother. I think it's growing up under my brother, who
was, who no longer listens to the podcast, hopefully, and if he does fuck him, because
he got really mad about me telling stories about him that were pretty, pretty bad.
Glad to help with that, by the way. He was a dick.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
People were mean to you on the internet because you're not me. If you go to Harmontown.com,
which you should all do at this show, it's unanimous that I am the hero. Everyone's like,
I love Goldberg. He's scrappy, and Dan is mean. What the fuck is going on?
He's rounded the bend in the hamburger territory. It's like, he's, he's embracing his role
as a, as a, as our product spokes villain. I want Harmontown. Rubble, rubble. No, get
away from there, Goldberg. No, I love it.
Harmontown is for humans, silly Goldberg. It's like at a ski show, like, like, look
out, Cindy. Goldberg's behind you.
Well, I thought it's more like I dress up every week like Barney Rubble and try and
steal the fruity pebbles of your self-respect.
Yes.
Precisely.
That's another, yes, that's another example.
All right. Adam.
Adam.
I'm going to wrap it up. I'm going to wrap it up.
Sorry.
Adam.
I'm going to wrap it up.
Shut the fuck up, Adam. I don't care what you're holding. I don't care what's in your
hands. I fucking, I'm going to control you right now. You're either rapping or you're
getting off the stage.
Give me beat number one.
All right.
Beat number one.
I'm going to wrap it up. Goldberg style. You're going to take a while. Dan, thanks
for the podcast. I've had a lot of fun with the people that I just chant, rap about and
I'll say this.
Adam Goldberg everybody let's hear it for him. Wasn't it great?
I brought you a board game.
Where's the name for it?
No.
That's here at the bar.
Guest Department Town, stay at the studio.
Yeah.
And I brought Eric at my party.
Studio City, Marriott.
Oh.
I got a card for Eric. I don't think that's going to be a good fit.
All right.
Adam Goldberg's clothing by Bill Chang. one more time for Adam Goldberg everybody.
I just wanted to read.
I kind of got derailed.
You don't say.
You don't fucking say.
It's just me and Adam becoming more and more terrifying.
Now I'm worried for my own safety.
Yeah, it's he.
The last thing I see before I die is going to be,
I'm going to wake up.
It's going to be him with a butcher knife.
Well, you just saw how easy it was.
There was a.
He just was like, poof, he's there.
There was an ending of a law and order
where they went toe to toe with this really vicious prison
gang and they put the, you know, everyone was really
intimidated by them jurors and stuff like that.
But they pursued the case and they won for justice.
And then the epilogue of the law and order episode is
they're on the streets in New York and the ADA is walking
and getting a hot dog.
And some guy in tattoos comes up next to her and goes,
excuse me, are you so-and-so?
And she goes, yeah.
And he goes, you can tell your boss we were this close.
And he walks away.
And then he just leaves on her going, poof, poof, poof.
And that's kind of, Goldberg was that close.
And I didn't know.
Like, like, like, there will be no warning.
He'll be in your back seat.
Does he have the thing like the little, little taxi
driver gun thing, little, like, poof, poof, poof, poof?
I don't know.
I feel like he'll be more like an ex-files, like a
biological weapon, like, like, turn out that he's, one of
his hands is a lizard hand or something.
Do you think it's time to bring up Spencer?
Yes, I just wanted to read this one last thing.
But now that I got all interrupted, it feels like,
oh, then Dan, Dan spent this episode dwelling on
comment sections.
I just wanted it to be one of your things, but I wanted to
close with this one.
I don't know whether this one hurts or not, but it
definitely affects me.
Collected works, Herman Sachs, blah, blah, blah, that
people are responding.
And then a guy says, yeah, I've gone from loving him and
community to hating him and loving community.
That's really sad.
All right.
I don't know why.
Now I read that out loud.
It seems like that's what I wanted.
And, well, you got it.
Yeah.
It's not really what I wanted.
I wanted to explore it because you guys are my therapist.
That's all.
I just wanted to say it out loud.
And it kind of hit me in the solar plexus, like reading
those comments, and I was texting Aaron about it.
And I was like, what the fuck is going on?
Why am I so affected by this?
I'm so shielded in places where everybody usually kicks.
And then this weird shit gets me.
And it has something to do with, I think I had an
epiphany in my car sorting through it.
It has something to do with needing other people's
approval, which is a didoi.
But I'm 40 years old.
I am allowed to now become a dispenser of happiness.
I can't expect to get it fed to me like a baby bird anymore.
Emotionally, you have to grow up a little bit.
I can still be insecure and express my anxieties and
stuff.
But there is, you know, the people that write that shit,
they don't expect my dumb fat ass to be like scrolling
through it, and they go, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo.
They wouldn't really want to have an impact on a human being.
They're just screaming at the sky, notice me.
No one in particular.
They're talking to themselves.
I disagree.
I think they actually do think.
I think not all of us.
Adam always does this shit.
He hands you shit.
And then he's a plate of cookies last night.
It's a gift, too.
Give me a board game.
I put a hazmat suit on.
That's anthrax all the way.
Who's was this?
Over here.
This is Sean's, right?
Thank you, Sean.
Oh, Sean, his own built-in reminder.
I had written it down, but I might have forgotten.
Sean, thank you for your wonderful birthday gift.
I'm assuming it was our New Year's gift.
Maybe a Christmas gift.
The podcast got pretty boring.
When Dan started counting the number of ways something
could be a gift, that's when I checked out,
said the 380th person crammed in the back corner.
I'd say it's time to kick the show into overdrive.
You have other thoughts, apparently.
No, no, no.
You mean Spencer Drive?
Yeah, Spencer Drive.
Yeah, let's do it.
Anybody know a guy named Spencer?
He's our Dungeon Master.
Spencer, you have a new musical theme.
Is that what this is?
This is the new Spencer theme.
We have our own legally clearable Spencer theme.
This is called Spencer Intro.
All right, Spencer is our Dungeon Master.
Those of you just tuning in, we love and adore him.
We found him out of our own audience.
And Spencer is going to take off.
Actually, it occurs to me, Spencer.
I know nothing about you.
Are you going to leave a job behind
while you come on tour with us?
Yeah, I work at an Apple store near my house.
And I work in the back.
I count boxes.
It's fun.
So you got a furlough.
You get to come on leave with Harmontown.
And he's going to be on the tour bus with us,
Dungeon Mastering, every dungeon that we try to enter.
Did any of that Pat Northwalt horror stories in Phoenix?
Were you at all, Spencer?
Do you feel like?
I don't want to die in a jackknife.
Yeah, that's always my thing.
Big tour bus accident.
That's pretty ignominious.
It's no good.
All right.
I leveled up, you guys.
I got new gadgets and stuff.
Bear with me.
Oh, you go.
All right, Dungeon Master leveled up.
So you got a new iPad.
Did you find that in the back room of the store, especially?
Yeah, I mean, we just sometimes we count less.
Did you guys write that?
Oh, yeah, Spencer and I hang out all the time.
We were riding bikes the other day.
So Spencer, I hear something funny
happening to Trader Joe's yesterday.
Oh, yeah.
You know me and traders.
That wouldn't work.
We've got to work on that one.
The workshop on that one.
Speaking of workshops, we should bring up an improviser
to help us play Dungeon Dragons.
We decided that the cavalcade of stars
wasn't quite complete yet.
We're going to bring up somebody who's never played D&D before.
He's going to fill in.
And maybe in some guest star role that Spencer has created,
this person knows nothing of D&D, has never, ever played it.
But maybe you know him, television's Ryan Stiles.
I have to sit down because I've had so much
of this sweet, sweet liquor tea.
I think it's very nice.
You quit drinking because of your girlfriend?
Well, no, I've quit, yeah.
So sweet.
I give it a month.
It's very odd that you stopped drinking because of her,
and yet I'm backstage doing lines off her tits.
Oh, my God.
That's so weird.
It's better you don't know.
I think they were her tits.
Hi, how are you?
You think they were her tits?
Are you, uh, are you, uh, I hope so.
Go on, Ryan.
Otherwise, they're two perfectly four moles together.
I'm good.
Are you going on tour with Jeff?
Have you toured with Jeff before?
No.
See, I've toured with Jeff for a number of years.
Oh, do you have any?
Are you on a bus?
Yes.
You're in for two or three hours a day of retarded Elvis.
Jeff, do a little retarded Elvis.
I have a couple of stock characters.
Do a little retarded Elvis for us today too.
I don't know, so.
It's just a retarded.
No more.
Do more, though.
Do more of it.
I don't want to be a retarded man.
Three hours.
It's off.
Dan, the thing is, if it's.
And I mean, I'm in a bunk in the bed.
He'll open the curtains and start doing that.
I don't know, so.
Yes, Jeff, I'm lonesome tonight.
Yes.
Thank you.
Retired Elvis isn't funny for the first hour. No. No, you have to keep a second hour great
Yeah, yeah third hour that goes into a bit of a trough. Yeah, but it's gonna be fun for you
Your girlfriend staying here. She's going with you
She's coming with she is so you're not drinking the entire tour then. Oh, I thought you were asking cuz you want to do more co-coffer
No, no, no
No, no, she's not she's not sober. We're just cleansing for four days. We're gonna we're gonna what was the green stuff
You're drinking back state. It was kale cellary spinach cast this is a vodka and cranberry
Is there a cup back there anybody
More kale for Dan, please. No, no, no kale. No, you just flung a craving on me. I'm gonna have some vodka, too
Okay, ask for vodka as retarded Elvis, please, which is four hours
Think about think about tour. I should ask Patton this the thing about tour bus comedy is that after a while
But the level of comedy goes just lower and lower and lower and then it becomes almost a challenge
Who can do the bassist comedy? Who can be the most adolescent like it's it's like a game of chicken with
I'm doing two and a half men with Patton this week. Oh, yeah, not very funny
Surprising is he he stole the she's gone. That's why I said that yeah
What's this character? I was gonna I was gonna if he didn't leave I have it on my iPhone
I have the script. I was gonna get us get us. Oh, yeah, they're doing two and a half men together and yeah
We're not together. I'm never aware anybody else is there really. Oh, really? We were gonna do a run since Charlie
You know, it's not
Is it funny now with Aston?
I have this much to drink you're having so much fun. There goes my medical
So I have to leave at some point right in the middle of our tour like the like the letters
That's like two-thirds of the tour. I leave Harmontown to go do shows with you and Greg
Yeah, it's a little scary to have Jeff on the road
We're in some small town in Canada and I think it was a bikini Bronco riding that night
It was bikini. Yeah bikini bull riding and he walked in in a suit in it was Kamloops
Yeah, Columbia, and it was it was a there's a marquee out in front of a place called cactus jacks
And it boasted of Jeff always thinks he's an LA bikini bull riding and I walked in I said
I'm gonna go in there and some of that was that lived there was like no you don't want to go to cactus jacks
It's pretty it's pretty you're wearing the only suit in town
So I came in and I walked in in a suit and there was it was a bar that had a metal detector
And there was a bin like you like the little trays that you get at the airport and they in in the tray were shives
There were screwdrivers and homemade knives like some people have a weekend leave
But the beauty was like well, we'll take your sharpened screwdriver and we'll give it with you know duct tape for the handle
And we'll leave it here. You get it when you get out when you when you leave you can get your your your shift back
How long have you been dating this girl?
A year really it's new right on the nugget. It's still exciting. Our first kiss was Christmas Day. Oh
Jesus's birthday you had you that's great
So it's still exciting and everything how old is she and how old are you? I'm just curious
She's she just turned 28, and I just turned 40. Wow, that's interesting
You're 40 now really you 40 to look yeah, you still look at your penis in the mirror
I don't I stopped doing that at some point. It's like my high school yearbook. I know I have one
I just never ever look at it
I look at my body naked all the time you really yeah, but my penis is like it's just like another nipple down there
It's it's a it's a it's a some people are girls and some people are showers. I'm a retractor
I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm on like Mars exploration equipment
You just look down there. You know what helps you know what helps me golden girls reruns. Yeah
All right, so do we write Ryan you have never you do you know anything about D&D at all? No, no, I have a life
He's right don't boo him. Yeah
He knows what I'm talking about Ryan you might you might be beloved outside of Nerdmell
But in here Spencer is kind of a kind of a golden God
I don't care
All right Spencer if you would
How does this work? I have no idea
Spencer right now will give you a little intro and to bring us
Dan and I it's important. I know about this game. Am I gonna fuck this up or do I need to know?
Specific have you ever done bad improv before? Yeah, it's just like that. It's just like that. It's all I do
All right, I work a few carry
No way to avoid it. Is he here fuck off. He's not here
Hey, Ryan remember when I went drew used to be two and a half men. Yes, I do
When we last met our heroes had just defeated Lord Buttsalot who attacked the adventurers in a fit of rage
After Lord mango had fallen his barbarian tribesmen came out of hiding
They thanked Sharpie for quelling Lord Buttsalot's wrath then woke up the barbaric pattern familius
Mango came to in a confused days first ornery and eager to fight mango's his dad
But then more understanding and apologetic of his prior behavior
Revealing his true intentions the war chief explained the powerful effects of the magical fragments of power in their role in the formation of the multiverse
In a fit of madness the great Lord snatched up his redstone and swallowed it in one single confusing goal
This odd gesture can't help but remind you of Admiral Darkstar that black garb dockward fellow from the ziggurat that evil
Malevolence who swore to steal and destroy your planet with the power of the fragments
Just then the party heard the unmistakable sound of an approaching horse-drawn cavern
All right, I need my character sheet. Yeah, yeah dispense the character sheets if you will shit. I'm sorry. I thought we were starting
I wasted that horse
Tonight the role of the horse will be played by Ryan Styles
I was a three-legged horse by the way, I don't know if you
Dan did you get mine? Yes. Yeah, just sorting them out. I don't mix them up
Is it right? My name is quark, and he's Sharpie
All right, he's a human magic user. I'm an I'm a gnome barbarian. Notice you guys get papers
You have this one here
Oh fuck this is an improv I've had this thing for four months. I have no idea what's a fantasy football here or something. I
Always kind of stare at it that I never like the information never makes it all the way into my brain
There's other things going on. All right, so Spencer. What are our surroundings right now?
You're in the wreckage of that Noel camp that where you fought Lord Barber or Lord Buttsalot
And is he still?
Lord Buttsalot's still with you. He's still with the barbarians. You guys were just having a nice chat
He he ate one of those things and you guys are like what all right, so so he's got one
He ate one of the fragments. Yeah
And what was the advice what what what the other the we had some people from the audience help us out
That there was advice about that one fragment that he'd eaten right somebody said cast a tech magic and then
We we we do this every week. Yeah, and it carries on it's like a yeah. Yeah. Oh
We are we kill the giant piggy bank a cube of jello a cube of jello. Yeah, I should get cable
We detected some shards in his stomach and then that was a big so we have some of the shards right you have two shards
Yes, and my dad ate one and walked away. Uh-huh, and now you're hearing an unapproaching wagon. All right
So I look at what the wagon is
You look to the although I have my guesses I think it's a wagon
You're not sure why a caravan would come here of all places the ruins of a newly destroyed Noel encampment
You hear the gruff gravelly voice from inside a cart call out
Welcome to all who off's wonder wagon the cart screeches to a halt about 15 feet away from you
And it's wooden panels collapse outwards revealing an equally questionable decorated storefront
You see food crafts supplies materials leather goods cure tools clothing weapons jewels in all manner of assorted knickknacks and curios
And before you stands
Presumably Olaf a halfling with a large turban and an orange mustache
That's you. Oh
All right, so you're playing a shopkeeper. Here's your thing
I wrote a list of things you sell on the back, but you can also sell other things. Oh
Oh good day to you, sir good day
Tell me what you seek I have a long list
Well, we are adventurers and we are
Our satchels are filled with treasures and gold. Oh, then you need nothing for me. You're such as a fool
Do you have any cigarettes cigarettes? Let me check
No, but I do have a healing pendant and a portable hole
Yes, yes, the portable hole is $40 same as downtown
I'm kind of at a loss. I don't really I'm not really in a shopping mood, but
Especially is there anything in our inventory that we lack that this that this shopkeeper might give us well
That depends on what you want, you know
If you have anything weird you could ask them about it you could ask questions
What do you give the gnome barbarian that has everything?
Might I say that bowl strength is on sale this week?
How much is the ball strength three for 49
I can get two for 50 downtown. Oh, that's bull. I'm selling bull strength
What does that oh, I do have smoked sticks did you come seeking cigarettes? I love cigarettes. I have smoked sticks
I think they're similar
Do you have menthol?
I don't but I could give you some ice
It's suck on some ice and then have a
Special what are smoke sticks do smoke sticks release an acrid smoke that creates a smoke screen for a short period of time obscuring vision
cigarettes
Yet you may not take them to the land of Calabasas
I'll take a carton of smoke stick a carton of smoke sticks for you and with that I throw in a free allusion a
Free allusion a free allusion. What does that mean? I won't know until it happens
Tell me what you see. It's not like dub from lit candle. Is it one of those kind of crappy things you've been here before
Wait that was your portable home
I
Want to show Olaf the the shards if you know what I mean
And see if he's he's heard any tell of their origins or any rumors about them
Take a look at these magic shards Olaf
Oh the magic shards
You bring this to me. Yes. Well, I'm not giving him to you. I'm showing him to you. What are they shards of?
Something some force of power. I don't really know what are the shards of Spencer the shards
Olaf doesn't know much about the shards, but he knows their value is beyond compare
He would offer to buy them although he knows there's no price that you'd willingly take for such a valuable artifact
I will buy those for me
Name your price I
Don't think I don't think there's any price for which we'd part with them
But there has to be a reason that this this man has come across our path
I believe that everything is fated to be sharpie Jesus. All right, I mean
All right, well, I mean I I mean come up with a price you're gonna get caught with a shitload of shards that you can't get rid of
I
Spencer how many shards do we need to have a full set? You don't know there's no way of knowing we have two and Sharpie's dad
Mango as one in his stomach right now. Yeah, and a few I think can we can we follow a mango around until he poops and go through
It and find one of them. You could potentially do that. He's standing in the foreground. Oh
Hi, you're going to need a portable hole for that
What's the portable hole portable holes are these these fabric circles so like if you took this and cut it into a circle like a
Circle of fabric you throw it on the ground and it becomes a real hole like a 10-foot pit or something
So you could hide in yeah, and then you could pick it up
So you could you know drop your friend down there and pick it up and take him and put him in a wall
I'm like fall and how tall is Olaf Olaf would be about four four feet tall
I thought Olaf was big Olaf is a halfling halflings are very small. Oh, so two halflings is worth
Depends on where you're an exchange rate two minutes two men and a halfling
How much for the portable hole it says it really it's 50 the 50 go what gold pieces what is it the $40 same as downtown
Yet I will take one shard of glass for your whole portable hole. I don't I want to give I don't know
Yeah, we got with the shards we got to hang on to the shards man. What are so important about these shards?
We don't know
And yet you want to hang on to them. Yes. Yeah, I mean why do you want them so bad? I haven't any in my wagon
What if someone else would ask me for a shard and I had no shards and yet I have an overstock of portable holes
Should we take this guy Olaf he has this great inventory of such we take him along with us down the road in case we need something or
Is there something Spencer that we need to get off of Olaf here? Well, I mean I can't tell you
I'm just like a disembodied voice that describes things around you
However, I like a wife
I wish I wish I will say that you hear an off off kilter sound it seems like it's coming from the west
It sounds like vicious clacking or maybe slithering. You don't even know what I summon a squirrel
You summon a squirrel
Squirrel run off and investigate that sound all right. I get to have someone small animals once a day
There's only one way to summon a squirrel and you know the song Jeff
The squirrel song squirrel squirrel squirrel
Climbing trees spreading disease squirrel squirrel squirrel
hide nuts fuzzy butts
Right and I've been in the road a long time
You're gonna get that
Do I smell gravy over there?
Olaf do I smell gravy? Of course you do. That's from the gravy pillow
It's an invention of mine. Isn't there a song about that? It's soft. I don't believe so
Gravy
No, I forget it
I
Well, we heard this sound from the west so let's wait. Oh, yeah
I sent the squirrel off to go investigate the other sound you send the squirrel off you wait for what seems like enough time
But the squirrel
But the squirrel doesn't return the squirrel does not return it does not return. Where's my dad? Is he still visible?
He's yeah, he said hey guys
I'm gonna go talk to my dad. Hey, hey son. It's that does that guy have good deals dad
Each shards much. Yeah
I don't understand like talk to me about that listen alarming you need to internalize the power before you can have mastery
Overhead that's just you know gravity
Sharpie barbarians aren't well-knowledged. Should we each eat a shark?
Sounds like we eat half a one now and if we if we're feeling it
You're supposed to wait like 45 minutes. Well, yeah, I have some orange juice. Yeah, there's all I've ever just I
I can't I was I was in a blackout drunk when we played and it was a month ago
But but did I did I did I think that eating a shard was a good idea? No, I don't think you did okay?
All right. Yeah, cuz my cuz my cuz my dad just doesn't understand magic. No, he's yeah
He's like look barbarians don't know stuff like like father like son. I would say maybe you eat it
Are you saying it's a bad idea? It's something a dumb person does with a shard. It's a it's a it's it's bush leak
So I gotta say I feel like I really wasted that squirrel you did
The squirrel will come back Jeff
Well, okay, I'm gonna summon my right. I'm at summoning him. He's on my arm Avenger my hawk who I forgot for several months
Avenger gives out a weak cry as if it hasn't been fed in several months
Avenger go get the squirrel
Avenger flies off your arm and circles the sky far away
It returns
Avenger what see you it gives you a look that says I didn't see a squirrel, but there's something coming
Go on
I'd be able to under describe it better if I weren't just a level three familiar. Hmm. I'm not smart
Don't sell yourself sure let me tell you something
It seemed to shift and change position as it approached as if I couldn't quite make out where it was well see that's important information
You're you're a good hawk, you know
I got a feeling that you already bought the portable hole, right? I know cuz he's only selling it for a shard
It's a I want I won't give up one shard for the whole he's teeth
He said it was 40 bucks, and then he said it was a shard
It's not giving up a shard for a hole. I'll get I'll give you three gold pieces for a portable hole
All right
Alright, so I got smoke sticks in a portable hole now in my inventory. Let's buy two of them and put one in the other
I'm not selling to
You don't be all Dan Harmon about it
The portable hole about six quirky character Olaf
Olaf is there anything else in your and your in your wares that we might be interested? Oh, I mean I have so much stuff
I have a quails feathers and bag of tricks
elf boots
But then I mentioned the portable hole
What's a what's a portable hole? I
Have everything you could possibly want bull strength. I mentioned that dad. What's coming to a moderate wounds not severe wounds
But moderate wounds. I've already got that you have yeah, sorry. I'm not up on the game. I
Asked my dad what what's what's happening to the West he motions a figure towards you and then puts his ear to the ground
Then was soon he raises his head from the ground and growls something you haven't heard in quite a while
Displacer beasts
Displacer
Displacer beast. Oh, yes
Displacer beasts those fearsome creatures you see you can't determine where they truly are only where you think they may be
For their shifting appearance can move them around almost randomly as if by some powerful illusion
Let's get the fuck out of here. Yeah, let's hold off. How would you like the head east in your wagon?
We had east by dad just place your beasts out of our league
He says I always knew you were a quitter
But don't be don't be you know down on yourself because you'll always be that way bye
He fucks off to the West
He fucks off to the West he does
We we officially have the title of this podcast
Was that your dad that just yeah, that's very sad. Yeah, I have a weird relationship
I
Your dad just fucked off to the West but that's in the direction of the displacer beast. Yeah, yeah, I don't fight him
Yeah, we should go with him. It's your dad Sharpie Holof. Can you turn the wagon around?
Turn the wagon around he used to hit me with a belt
I
Check to see if I have one of those
I have no belt to hit you with I don't want to get hit anymore. I want his approval
That's what happens when you hit a kid. He thinks it's his fault and he's forever unfillable, you know like a portable hole
I would think you would understand
I
Does that term offend you holes are just a small part of my stock
Are we are we headed west now let's all go west and follow your father and join him in battle, you know you want to ride for me
Yeah
Up on front I could use a little nap. Why don't you drive? All right?
spurred on by my
Hatred and love of my father. I I take it out on the on the on the team of horses
Shit rolls downhill. Yeah, the cycle of abuse continues
The what the what does the cycle of abuse?
Did he roll the die before each other
That's a strong abuse right there I
Grabbed the reins and and is it a goat? What was this the cart being led by this one gore goat one horse one goat one horse
I I I whip them on and we catch up to Sharpie or to mango rather you catch up to mango you seem
To be confused. No, I don't that's stupid
You you arrive on the scene you see mango lying on the floor in a pool of blood
He's surrounded by four displacer beasts dad
He's unresponsive
It's not even my most powerful spell is just my trademark
You hit the displacer beast
He takes uh, I'm sorry you guys. He takes two damage damn it. I suck Olaf. How much are the bull strength?
I'm still sleeping
I I wake Olaf
You wake Olaf Olaf. How much are you straight the ball again one shard one shard you with the shards
I want a shard. I haven't got a shard. Can I spare a shard sent Spencer? Is that a bad idea?
I'm not gonna give you advice there. No, you can do what you want man. Okay. I go into I I go into a
Berserker rage and uh, and uh, no, what's my with flaming sword? Yeah, you have flaming sword
Okay, I do a flaming sword attack on the displacer beasts. Do you do a rage first? I go into rage and a rage flying into a rage and
unsheathing your sword
You
Fling yourself at the wild displacer beast
You you seem to strike a hit
But the displacer beast at the last second is thin air shit. He's five foot to the left of where you thought he was
Where's the squirrel?
Olaf my father needs healing
He's a formidable fighter if he's healed. He'll be able to help us good
Ah, ah, I have a healing pendant
right here
How much is it? It's a shard
You know how much it is don't ask me anymore
My entire wagon is yours for sure don't you see if you don't help us right now
These displacer beasts could kill all of us. We need we need to work together as a team right now
I don't think the beast is after me. Is it it might very well be let's talk
Let me know when I could cast a spell I'm so okay the displacer beasts whip their dangerous shoulder mounted tentacles towards you
They have they have tentacles. They're coming out of their shoulders
If you were on my tumbler, you guys would know that I say, oh
I am it's a thing. It looks like slammer, but it's got it's got tentacles, right?
Yeah, it's slammer with tentacles. It looks like slammer with tentacles. Oh, wait, that's a roper
Displacer beasts look like feline panthers with tentacles out of them. I remember those yeah eighth grade and twelfth grade
What was I prom
The displacer beast pounce three of them don't hit you somehow the fourth rakes you with a tentacle the quark
Me yeah, you okay. You you attacked that one. All right
It does eight damage to you. Oh, is that bad? That's not great
Wait, don't I have a heel moderate wounds? I don't know cuz you didn't deal for it
I have one. No, I did. No. No, you didn't give me a shot. Ryan shut the fuck up
It'd be in your inventory. Yeah, I'm looking for it. I thought I had I don't think you do man
Okay, I mean if you do it's fine. But but but but Olaf has that's true
I'm not giving you one after the way you just spoke to me
You want to smoke a smoke stick
I'll give you a shot. I'll give you a healing what it was it a healing pendant for free for free
Yes for free. That's very nice of you. I take the healing pendant you take the healing pendant and I put it on you put it on
It feels like it'll heal you
Does it work you you wait for it
It's booting up. Okay. No, okay. Hold up takes a while. Yeah, it does
You need to put on these elf boots as well
You gain back eight health your full health
Now you can cast the spell it's your turn summon monster to all right, give me one second
Summon monster to you can pick a monster from which to summon
Uh, let's see celestial giant be celestial giant Bomba dear beetle celestial riding dogs less
You'll evil or eagle lemur. That's a devil fiendish squid fiendish wolf fiendish fiendish monstrous centipede
Fiender fiendish monstrous spider fiendish monstrous scorpion fiendish shark fiendish snake. I say
I'm gonna go with the bee
Hey, fuck you guys just wanted to watch a squid die. That's all you wanted to
Know this is my life
You summon a celestial bee it glows with the presence of the other world it awaits your command
Harold
Make honey of those displacer beasts
It's be talk. I mean I mean attack them. Oh, okay
That's what it says. It goes and attacks one of the displacer beasts. It stings it wickedly with its sting
It hits, but does it really?
The tell the displacer beast is struck by the sting it deals six damage
It's in the way that you use
Can I can I can I attack flaming sword on one of the others? Yeah, you can attack flaming sword attack on the different one
Yeah, all right
Okay, you hit
It does two damage god damn it. Oh, I didn't do fire damage. It does six damage
Why don't you know Olaf has a gun what the fuck is going on here?
Wait wait wait Olaf what are you holding a gun? I don't know am I I guess well throw a dice
What you have a gun I have a gun yeah, why are you sitting there like an asshole? I?
Don't know if you're keeping score, but we got our asses kicked back there, man
I didn't see guns seem too normal. I guess I have a gun. Yeah, can I use a gun?
You do you have a shoot gun from an alternate lane a shoot gun a shoot gun all guns are shoot guns
There's a childish about it
It's like a poop toilet. It is like a poop toilet. You'll find one of those later
Should we let Olaf use the gun or should we take it from him you can try either
Olaf
Yes, I like your style
I'm fond of you as well
Take that gun out and try your luck with the this place are beasts the slimy squid like thing the panther
tentacles whatever
Where's the best place to shoot it? I'm right between the tentacles between the tentacles so the head
Right between the tentacles oh wait it hits
It's just a parachute comes out it deals 13 damage. I
Killed that motherfucker one of the beasts is slain
D and damn
Dungeon snap
That's a throwback how many were beasts are alive to one's already hurt, right? Yeah
All right, I'm out of bullets for my shoot gun
Is that true? It'll take him one turn to reload me because it's not called shoots gun
What is my mysterious emerald dagger do you don't even know man, it's so mysterious I
Can't wait to find out
Chappie you're up scroll of no wait
I have a bomb you have a bomb I
Am so sorry guys. I forgot I have a bomb
I think you had a bomb no I have a bomb what kind of bomb is it? It's a
plus six a plus six
I
Guess
Does it your character wear a turban isn't this getting a little? Oh, I didn't realize I'm sorry you guys
That's Freudian George Lucas. I can
I can throw it 40 feet apparently he has red hair though. How far away are the I don't have red hair
I have a red mustache get your shit straight
How far away are the displacer beasts they're about no they're right up to you. They're hitting you
So it's within 40 feet. Yeah, definitely. I can use my bomb. Yeah, but the bomb will go right over him. Oh
And you know what I didn't see this it sometimes blasts multiple enemies
I
Could throw it for a shard
If I give you a shard where you throw the bomb yes, I give all off a shard you give all off the shard
I'm gonna kill. Why is everyone against that? I?
Just want one fucking shard. I
Give me a shard if you promise to tell the bomb and kill these beasts. I will is there more than one beast
There's there's two beasts left and will a bomb take care of them. You you they'll hurt it'll hurt
It'll hurt. Yeah, I don't want to waste my bomb. You have multiple bombs
I should say I don't think so not according to this. I left the s out. Oh you did bombs
Oh, are you sure it's just not one enemy then?
Maybe you misplace your s
Burning hands you cast burning hands. What level are you guys at?
It does six damage fire damage
So how how close are these guys to being dead? You don't know they they look burnt
Don't give them a shard man. I'm not gonna give the chart. Well, I'm they're not giants out there. They're not goblins
I've already gone into a rage haven't I yeah
What about power attack you could power attack that makes your attack less accurate and you know
I'm gonna take out the mysterious emerald dagger see what that thing does you on sheet the mysterious emerald dagger
Would you like to wear my chain shirt? I just noticed I have a chain shirt
Would you like that if we go nice with the Elf boots, too?
I
Put on the chain shirt and the Elf boots and take out my emerald dagger. You do those things
As it was written so it shall be in the middle of a fight. It's like a Katy Perry concert. Oh
Yeah, speaking of which oh
Oh you get struck with a tentacle Sharpie
You take 11 damage
Yeah, he's writing it down the big smile on his face. Yeah, that hurt that hurt. I did he has healed moderate wounds. That's true
Scorching ray scorching ray
First time I've used it
Waving your hands in a magical manner you lose several bolts of scorching rays
You oh shit you guys I'm terrible
You strike the displacer beast right in the face with a scorching ray
It deals
12 fire damage
He's on the ropes
Mysterious emerald dagger
Plunging the mysterious emerald dagger into the hearts of the displacer beast it glows with a green bright light
You see it shatter into pieces and next to it the real displacer beast emerges. Oh, it can no longer use its ability
Yeah, this child
Can't count what?
Yeah, just hold off have any more bullets on his shoot gun
He does I do yeah
Shoot all off shoot. I've been waiting to see we're
You mean my plus nine attack bonus is that what that means? That's yeah, that's your attack roll
So I have eight more shots. No, okay, you just have infinite. Yeah, what you have ammo
Yeah, but it says I can sometimes blast multiple enemies. Yeah, that's the bomb
My shoot gun my mistake. Okay. Yeah, do you want to shoot it against multiple enemies?
I'm so confused sometimes. I just want to get the fuck out of my wagon. This is not my problem. These guys came up to me
I got my shard, that's all I wanted
I don't know what the fuck I want to do. I'm so confused. There's so many numbers and you can't count
You should shoot gun I guess multiple enemies, okay, I'm using my shoot gun shoot gun shoot gun
The the shotgun blast fires through one of the displacer beast, but it was really somewhere else
It strikes into the deactivated displacer beast dealing
Seven damage the displacer beast falls slain
Are we done
Sorry guys like whack-a-mole
What did my shoot gun turn into a shotgun it shotgun shoots can't count can we throw our little
Portable hole and then trap it in the hole can we yet you could try that who's got the portable hole
But it's only four feet deep isn't it? That's no it's like ten. No you you said no
I said you're it's ten feet. How tall are the beast?
They're probably about three foot at the shoulder that comes in handy doesn't it?
So I'm taller than this beast by about a foot. You're not as long as it though. It's a three-foot beast
Lion take your head off man
The panther would speak with animals work with a what the displacer beast you could try I speak to the displacer beast
What do you think it's gonna say?
Watch this
Hey, you're kind of being a dick
You killed my parents just now
It flails at you with a tentacle, but misses
Wow
Summon swarm you summon a swarm it can be of a bees or bats quits
Bees I love bees
You summon a swarm of bees a swarm of bees now exists
Swarm all right you swarm the final displacer beast
It seems to be annoyed and stung, but it doesn't seem to be taking very much damage
It is rather distracted and bothered it seems to no longer a guard you over the pain of its stings. I
Loose in the mail lid somebody pop it open
I throw knives you throw knives how many oh just one you throw just one knife right
You strike the displacer beast
It teleports away
You don't
You can still speak with animals though. Oh, look, I'm sorry about that you're being a dick thing and I'm sorry about your parents
What are we
Well, why don't we smoke some of these?
Smoke smoke sticks and I throw some smoke sticks around it. It regards the smoke sticks
They emit a plume of smoke around the displacer beast you can no longer see it
Way to go Jeff
It's like going up to Osama bin Laden just putting body armor on them
Can we get the fellowship of the nerds back up here to help without I have invisibility and visibility yes
Okay, how does that help?
You could not get attacked
See ya
Good luck
Can I put that on my wagon and my goat in my horse as well? No, it's a potion. You just drink it and turn it
What is weapon focus sword? It means you're slightly better than the average person with a sword
But I've already used my sword haven't I well you can use it more. Oh, it doesn't get used up. Is it my turn?
Sure. Yeah. All right. I attack I attack on my sword sword attack sword attack
You roll a critical hit
Sorry you guys I can't do math. I'm terrible at everything. You're just true. Thank you
Thanks, Ryan. That's why you're not at the genius bar 15 damage. Yeah, no, I'm not this true
I count boxes 15 damage
He's still alive is he I don't know I'm building tension. I examined it. I examined the wounded
He doesn't appear slain, but now he is
You broke the tension too early just to make sure I throw my climbing kit
Into the air like a graduate
Titans and ropes spill everywhere
We freeze-frame
Credit roll on this segment
Is there any treasure to be had from the plane be no treasure there?
They were just blocking our way somewhere. They were gonna murder you guys. So now my dad my dad
I have a shard. No. Oh, and you have a portable hole. No, I was joking about the shard thing
You didn't give me a shard. Uh-huh. You didn't give me the shard. You never gave me the portable hole
Do I have anything left in my shootgun? You do
Let's have the shard motherfucker
Uncanny Dodge
Uncanny Dodge. I dodged both. That's not even in there. Uncanny Dodge
Yeah, the all-new 2013 Uncanny Dodge
It's not your father's Uncanny Dodge. I cast charm person on Olaf. Oh, it works. Well, let me give him a will-save. Sorry
Yeah, it works
Let's let's let's let's have that let's have that stick pal
You now regard him as a trusted friend and ally. You do very much to please him. Oh, not that
And and and heal my dad whatever it takes please
Well, how about another healing pendant? I have one left
You're still wearing that healing pendant Jeff. Oh, I I I give the healing pendant from me to Sharpie
He has he receives it. I
Give it to my dad
He cannot receive it for he's unconscious. I take it and get the hell out
You're charmed you don't want to do that. Oh, I'm done. Yeah, you're I can put it on my dad, right? Yeah
No, but you can't give it to him. He's dead like yeah, I put it on to him the way you give a
Fire hydrant wreath to a fire hydrant. Oh
What would happen what would happen if he made a mistake and he didn't put it on his dad and he put it on the serpent everything
Would have exploded
That's not even a joke. You
Place the necklace around your father's you know neck. That's where it goes
I I start I start I start giving him CPR so that when the pendant heals him. I get the credit you
You see the blood slowly seeping back into his body
I take I take a bunch of pictures and make a gift that makes it look like he's fucking his dad and
Posted on tumblr. It gets like 3,000 reblogs
Soon he will be healed
Time passes he is healed
Dad oh
Hey, hey son, where'd you come from? I was drawn by your your your horrible
Emotional abuse come to take a run at your own man. Aren't you well, that's very brave. No, no
Dummy I love you. I came to save you from those displacer beasts
That's very touching. I'm sorry. I know me to be laughing
Well save me you did son save me you did this is twice
You've saved me and the first was from myself
Because he was raging remember right right it's funny. I thought you were talking about your alcoholism. Oh that too
three times right
After school special or I poured it down the drain
Can I tell you guys something please I don't know why I ate that shard it just seemed cool
I wanted you guys to like me. Oh
Do we have any Ipaq or is
What oh
Take the portable hole and throw it onto his stomach and get the shard out
That's stupid isn't it that it is stupid. Yeah
That was from the audience that was all can only do that shit. Tell him what a portable holes about a portable hole
Is a circle of fabric about three to four? I already explained what a portable?
Can't just be thrown on people and taking shit out of
Dad you got to trust me these shards need to be
Delt with with with with care under magical supervision. You are a man of barbarism. I am a man of magic
I know you never approved of it, but but maybe it was fate that I would come back into your life now
And you've encountered these things like you you know
Just give me your shard when you poop it out
Summon squirrels
Olaf summons a horde of squirrels. I
Just saw that
As a gnome, you're very jealous of his ability to summon multiple squirrels once so now we're surrounded by squirrels. Yeah
Squirrel
You'll be a woman
We have to come up with a way to conclude this chapter here
I feel like we have to get the shard out of your father's stomach, right?
Just then you hear an intense humming sound. It sounds like it's coming from above above
It gets louder and louder and then be it's pierced by a deafening cracking crescendo
You look up and see a huge rift opening in the morning sky a red scar and the otherwise blue expanse and black shapes
Begin flooding out of it
These dark metallic sleek ships float on air as easily as if it were see and sail forward without need for sales
The humming subsides, but you can hear a distinct popping sound black cylinders rain down from the ships
Plumbing to earth with heavy crashes and thuds the fleet of ships sail swiftly away
Mango's face grows serious. You can hear a far-off voice saying
That's Admiral Darkstar
Admiral Darkstar voice anyway. Yeah, wait, I
I I hit rewind so I can hear that voice again say that pick something else for me to say that wasn't very clever
I yeah, I summon better catchphrase
Soon the Darkstar will dawn and all will be led to ruination
All right. All right. That's a good that's a good cliffhanger
Wow, wait, all right, let's hear for Spencer everybody our Dungeon Master
Well, look, Ryan, thank you so much for letting me be a part of that
What do you get the man who has everything you know it was really yeah nice
We couldn't have done it without you because you had you had that big I think you did do it without me
Yeah, we've used a lot of stuff off your cart. You used your shoot gun
I didn't even see half that stuff told you know halfway through. I've I've had this these character sheets for months
I've never really looked at him. I have no idea or ask me anything about any part of the game ever
So
You two don't talk outside of the show
Yeah, we have a whole tour of Spencer. Are you going on tour? Yeah, I'm going on tour. Oh, excellent
Amazingly, this is a draw of the show
Yeah, it is
And our poster so you don't really need them
Well, I do now for now
I think we're we're making bad part of our merchandise
We're gonna make our tour poster is gonna be a D&D map of all the places that we're going across the country
Yeah, and there's a yeah, I think there's a button that says like it's an I love Spencer
But it's instead of a heart. It's a it's a 20-sided die
It doesn't make sense does it no?
I roll
Spencer
That's what his uncle said to him before he died. He's gonna see it. He's gonna fucking flip
Ryan do you have any advice for us before we embark on this journey?
Oh, it's a long trip. You could teach Spencer to count on that trip. That would be nice
It's gonna be fun for you Dan, it's gonna be a lot of fun really did you hear what Patton was saying no
He was dire it was
Well, he played he plays different places than you're gonna play. Yeah, maybe yeah, you got friends. You're with friends
He probably gigs alone, right? Yeah. Well, no, he was with Maria Bamford and I don't know Brian Pussain and the Gallagher
I can't remember
I didn't see the movie Gallagher or Frenakis
Alright, well, let's say let's where's your first date?
Phoenix on the 10th. That'll be great. Good stuff
And where's that calming and we're gonna be up in the up in your neck of the woods up in Washington look me up
Are you where you playing up there?
What
What are we gonna be? I don't know slap slappies plus five
Yeah, this is important stuff to find out before you actually take off in the bus
I'm gonna come up and join you, but we're gonna be up in Portland and somewhere up there. I don't know
Portland beautiful sales slutty little sister city
How do we end the show Jeff? I think I think you and Ryan rap. No, no, no, no
I'll tell you I'll tell you what I'd like to see
I'd like to see a bit of Matt rap mixed in with a bit of retarded Elvis down the show
But now there's a couple there's a couple tracks that are Ryan elder our musical directors given us. We haven't done this one. It says
It says smooth smooth jazz
Let's try a couple of us and see what we got here
Oh
It's harm on town
Harmony town wait
We have funky horns too
Thanks for coming
And don't forget to
Brush your teeth
Dental safety is the key to happy
Be fresh your teeth. Don't let him get crappy
Eat apples and other kinds of fruit
I don't give a who
Boss daily or you'll get cavities
Fuck your mama till she falls to her knees
Let's thank Eric Eidel everybody for coming out
Pat Noswald
Spencer
Ryan Styles everybody
Thank you so much for coming tonight. We're gonna miss you all we're gonna be gone for a month
And when we come back, I want to see all of you here to welcome us back home, please
And thank you guys in the back for you know, that couldn't have been fun standing back there
Thank you for being loyal harmonians back there
Fuck your mama gonna fuck your mama good. Yeah, fuck your mama like she was a piece of wood
Fuck your mama like a rocking like a dirt
I fuck your mama because I don't like to flirt. I fuck your mama
Fuck her good and hard
Fuck your mama like a magic crystal shard
Fuck your mama like a third level magic user. Fuck your mama because she is a heroin abuser
That was off meter
Doesn't mean your mama doesn't deserve my wiener
Fuck your mama, but I'm a dig inside her mouth east west
Fuck your mama like salt and pepper
Fuck your mama
Okay
Thank you everybody for coming. Sorry about my sobriety. Sorry about your uh, sorry about everything
And uh, we'll see you back in LA. We're gonna try to put together a big show a really big show when we come back
Like a like a like a major one
Uh, you guys have been fantastic for over a year and now we're gonna go out and see
Uh
How bad it is?